Yo, Sasaki.
Hey, what's up?
The heck, man?
I looked all over for you 'cuz you weren't
in the smoking lounge downstairs.
Oh, my bad. Did you need me for something?
The chief wants to have
a meeting in a few.
Sheesh.
Here we go with another pointless meeting
that goes on and on and on and on and on.
Now, now.
Man...
I just wanna go home already.
I feel you.
Genki Trading
Souvenirs
go here
Local
24-Hour
Supermarket S
Free Ice
For Preservation
Alcohol Corner
Yummy Mochi Chips
Thank you! Come again!
Welcome!
Do you have your loyalty point card?
I do, yes.
Thank you.
Here's your card back.
Would you like a bag?
I'll take a three-yen one, please.
That'll be 883 yen in total.
Here.
Here's your change and receipt.
Thanks.
Thank you! Come again!
Served By: Yamada
Yamada-san at register two...
She's my post-work chill pill.
That said...
I've been going too often lately,
even when I don't need anything.
What a stupid waste of money.
Maybe I should try offering it
to Yamada-san as a gift.
You never know. Might make her happy.
Yummy Mochi Chips
Wow! Thank you so much!
I sound like one of those delusional
middle-aged criminals on the news.
Genki Trading
What is the meaning of this, Sasaki-kun?!
Do you think "doing your rounds"
just means going on a leisurely stroll?!
I swear! It is unacceptable
that you didn't let me know!
I apologize, sir.
You need to work on your
communication, big-time!
You're making me look bad
as your manager—
Sorry for interrupting, Chief,
but Eda-san of Shikaku Inc.
wants to know if the estimate is ready.
Ack! Tell him I'll send it over tomorrow!
We apologize for keeping you waiting!
Yes, we'll send it over tomorrow!
Of course! We're terribly sorry!
We're having a meeting at 7 PM!
That moronic boss of mine...
It's bad enough that
the meeting ran until midnight,
but we didn't even decide on anything.
I'll kill him...
Or not. Just kidding.
At times like these...
There's no better time!
Tonight, I go see Yamada-san!
Here's your change.
droop
Thank you. Come again.
Thank you.
I guess Yamada-san's off.
Or maybe she just finished already.
Nothing's going my way today.
I might need a little nicotine pick-me-up.
Yikes. Look at that guy.
What a nasty fellow.
Wait, they don't have
a smoking area either?
You're kidding me.
Are we smokers that ostracized these days?
Hey, mister.
Over here.
You can light up over here.
Whoa! Talk about tempting!
Wait. Is this the back of the supermarket?
Won't you get in trouble for letting
an outsider use this place?
Relax. Nobody knows who's in or out here.
I guess I'll take you up on that, then.
Sure. Go ahead.
I have no idea what kind of look that is,
but she's got quite
the striking appearance.
She looks the furthest thing
from a supermarket employee.
Um, miss? Which section do you work?
C'mon, gimme a light.
That's why I called you back here.
Just say that, then!
Sorry, let my intrusive thoughts win.
Maybe don't do that to a guy you just met.
You're the guy who always lines up
at register two, aren't you?
Huh, do I? Must be a coincidence.
Coincidence? Even though you line up
there when the others are free?
Caught in 4K!
Yamada-san's your favorite, then?
She's messing with me on purpose!
I get it.
Gotta love Yamada-san, right?
She's pretty and hella stacked,
but you don't get the feeling she's taken.
It's like hitting the jackpot.
You've got it all wrong!
Sure, I may be a creepy guy who
goes out of his way to line up for her,
but that's just because
seeing her at work lifts my spirits!
That's the part that feels like
hitting the jackpot!
I-I'm sorry.
I got too worked up there.
Now I feel better.
I was afraid she had another
creepo shopper on her hands.
Too many morons come here
trying to get in her pants.
But you're not one of them, huh?
Try to keep it classy, Sasaki-san.
I'd assumed she was the cocky type
who mocked older men like me for fun,
but she was actually just a nice girl
who cares for her coworkers.
Hey, uh...
Your bill's ready to pay.
Oh, sorry about that.
Um, Sasaki-san.
Huh? H-How do you know my name?
Oh, I got it from your point card.
Ah...
Thank you. I appreciate it.
I heard from Tayama-chan,
and it really made me happy.
Huh?
She told me you're a fan of mine.
You dropped this.
Sorry about that.
Thank you. Come again.
Damn it, Tayama!
Now that I know your name,
you're going down!
Heyo, it's Tayama.
And come to the smoking area again,
Sasaki-san.
Wait, how did Tayama-san know my name?
Translation: Sriram Gurunathan
Editing & Typesetting: Geoff Mazzolini
Subtitle Timing: Krzysztof Kunc
Quality Check: Zachary Carlysle
Translation Check: Sho Stifler